WDS-85 add more guidelines into project readme (#481)
soramitsu/soramitsu-js-ui-library: README.md

yarn cy
```

**Build all packages:**

```shell
yarn build
```

**Build Storybook:**

```shell
yarn sb:build
```

### To add new component:

> 1. Create a component directory in `ui/src/components` (e.g. `ui/src/components/Button`) with component itself
>    prefixed with S and an `index.ts` file exporting it. The file's name becomes component's name. There are also can be
>    subsidiary entities like other components, composables types, constants and so on that can be exported too.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a component directory in `ui/src/components` (e.g. `ui/src/components/Button`) with component itself
   prefixed with `S` (e.g. `SButton.vue`) and the `index.ts` file exporting it. The file's name becomes component's name. There are also can be
   subsidiary entities like other components, composables types, constants and so on that can be exported too.
```

  It should be done by creating `api.ts` with a provided payload type, an injection key and an api hook in
  component directory.

### Styleguide

- Previously enums was defined as plain TypeScript enums, but they don't work well with tree shaking, so now we
  define enums as follows:

  ```ts
  const Status = {
    Info: 'info',
  } as const

  type Status = typeof Status[keyof typeof Status]
  ```

- There is no need to create folders for every type of subsidiary entities, e.g. composables, utilities, etc.,
  if their number is small.
- Move composables to its own files started with `use`. It's helps to detect and group composables in directory tree.
- We are using BEM with underscores for class names (e.g. `button__icon_hidden` or `button__icon_size_small`).
- Try to use Windi CSS utility classes.
- Messages in changesets should start with `**type**`, where `type` can be `fix`, `feat` or something like this,
  that describes a type of change. After the type should go a scope in brackets if it can be defined. (For example,
  it can be the name of a component). Then after colon goes a change description.

>   Examples: `` **fix**(`STable`): remove unnecessary border `` or `**feat**: add pagination component`

Reviewer: We can also add a link with a more specific explanation - https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/
